Hi.
This is Craig Golightly, and welcome to Deploying to Google Kubernetes Engine.
Let's go through the demo application on Google Cloud Platform.
We're going to open an account and show all of the
commands step by step for creating, updating,
and scaling your app on Kubernetes so you can go back and
follow along in your own GCP account.
We'll check out the web console,
including the monitoring and billing information you can get there.
Finally,
we'll go through how to delete your cluster so you don't have any
leftover resources adding to your monthly bill.
To open a Google Cloud account, go to cloud.google .com.
You'll need a Google account, either Gmail or G Suite.
If you don't have one,
you can create a Google account as part of the sign-up process,
but you'll need a mobile phone number for that.
For the Google Cloud account, you'll also need a name and address,
as well as credit card information to verify the account.
Go to cloud.google .com and click Get Started for Free.
If you have a Google account, you'll sign in here.
If not, you can click Create Account and walk through the process there.
Select your country.
You can choose Individual or Business account,
then it will ask for a name and address for this account.
You'll fill in your credit or debit card information so
that they can verify the account, then click Start My Free Trial.
Now that you have an account created, let's initialize the tooling.
First, you'll need to enable the Kubernetes Engine API.
This will allow connections from the command line interface to
Google Kubernetes Engine in your account.
Next,
you'll install the Google SDK G Cloud on the system you want to
use to interact with your Google Cloud Account.
Finally, you'll configure the gcloud CLI to match the account,
project, and region you want to use.
To enable the Google Kubernetes Engine API,
simply search for GKE on the Google Cloud Platform web console,
then select Kubernetes Engine.
Notice that the Kubernetes Engine API is being enabled
as we visit this for the first time.
Okay, now it's ready to go.
You're going to need Python for the Google CLI so make
sure that's installed on your machine.
Next, download the appropriate cloud SDK for your operating system.
I'm on a Linux machine so I'll download that one.
I've included links to the documentation in the exercise files.
Next, I'll run the install script.
There may be different options depending upon your operating system.
Once you've got that, run gcloud init.
You'll need to allow the Google Cloud SDK access to
your account so you can review these, accept,
and get the code to complete the initialization.
Your account comes with a project that was created by
default; I'm going to use that one.
You can also configure your geographic zone.
In general, use something that is close to you.
Gcloud projects list will list all of the projects
and the project id in your account.
Since we'll be using the project id quite a bit,
I'm going to make an environment variable for that to simplify some of the commands.